feat(sdk): add kmp platform (#6452)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/filtering.mdx

description: "Learn more about how to configure your SDK to filter events reported to Sentry."
notSupported:
  - perl

>   - kotlin-multiplatform

Reviewer: What if we short that to `kmp` everywhere?

Author: Not sure how much this would impact seo and general visiblity, I'd assume that the whole word in the link would be better in that regard

Reviewer: Good point, lets let the docs team review this.

Reviewer: Let's keep kotlin-multiplatform

---

> Adding Sentry to your app gives you a great deal of very valuable information about errors and performance you wouldn't otherwise get. And lots of information is good -- as long as it's the right information, at a reasonable volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you add Sentry to your app, you get a lot of valuable information about errors and performance. And lots of information is good -- as long as it's the right information, at a reasonable volume.
```

Author: This bit of text hasn't been modified by my PR and the change also affects all other platforms. Maybe this change is better off in another PR?
